Fixes #9550 - Refresh samples and note supported platforms (#9561)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Keys.md

Get-ChildItem HKCU:
```

> These commands list only the directly contained items, much like using `DIR` in **Cmd.exe** or `ls`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands list only the directly contained items, much like using `DIR` in `cmd.exe` or `ls`
```

```Output
Confirm
The item at HKCU:\CurrentVersion\AdminDebug has children and the -recurse

> parameter wasn't specified. If you continue, all children will be removed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter was not specified. If you continue, all children will be removed with
```
